---
author: weizhan
categories:
- RBA 验厂
date: '2025-01-10T17:50:12'
id: 6514
tags:
- doc
title: RBA验厂检查清单-A-劳工权益部分
---

本文列出RBA验厂“劳工权益”的检查清单。RBA验厂“劳工权益”章节共有6个章节，分别是强迫劳动、童工/未成年工、工时、工资福利、歧视骚扰、自由结社。

## A1) PROHIBITION OF FORCED LABOR A1) 禁止强迫劳动

### A1.1 无强迫劳动

A1.1 – Forced labor in any form, including but not limited to bonded
(including debt bondage) or indentured labor, involuntary or exploitative
prison labor, slavery, or trafficking of persons, is not permitted. A1.1 –
不允许任何形式的强迫劳动，包括但不限于债役（包括债役）或契约劳工、非自愿或剥削性监狱劳工、奴役或人口贩运。

### A1.2 劳动合同

A1.2 – Terms and conditions of employment are provided in writing and in their
native language, or a language the worker can understand, before employment
(foreign and internal migrant workers: before leaving their home
country/region) and the key terms and conditions of employment are explained
verbally in a language workers can understand, so workers understand what the
terms and conditions of employment state. A1.2 –
在就业前以书面形式并以其母语或工人能够理解的语言提供就业条款和条件（外国和国内移民工人：在离开其祖国/地区之前）以及关键条款雇佣条款和条件以工人可以理解的语言进行口头解释，以便工人了解雇佣条款和条件的内容。

### A1.3 扣押证件

A1.3 – The worker’s government-issued identification and personal
documentation originals are not held by their employer, agents and sub-agents.
A1.3 – 工人的政府颁发的身份证明和个人文件原件不由其雇主、代理人和分代理人持有。

## A2) YOUNG WORKERS A2) 年轻工人

### A2.1 童工

A2.1 – Workers are not below the minimum age A2.1 – 工人不低于最低年龄

### A2.2 未成年工

A2.2 – Workers under the age of 18 are not allowed to perform work that is
likely to jeopardize the health or safety of these young workers, including
night work or overtime. A2.2 – 18 岁以下工人不得从事可能危及这些年轻工人健康或安全的工作，包括夜间工作或加班。

## A3) WORKING HOURS A3) 工作时间

### A3.1 每周60小时

A3.1 – Hours worked in a workweek does not exceed 60 hours. A3.1 – 每周工作时间不超过
60 小时。

### A3.2 7休1

A3.2 – Workers receive at least one (1) day off every seven (7) days A3.2 –
工人每7天至少休息1天

### A3.3 法假

A3.3 – Workers are allowed mandated breaks, holidays and vacation days,
including time off when ill or for maternity leave A3.3 –
允许工人强制休息、假期和假期，包括生病或产假

## A4) WAGES AND BENEFITS A4) 工资和福利

### A4.1 基本工资、加班费

A4.1 – Wages for regular and overtime hours are meeting “equal pay for equal
work and qualification”, correctly calculated, and paid timely to all workers.
A4.1 – 正常工作时间和加班时间的工资符合“同工同酬”的要求，正确计算并及时支付给所有工人。

### A4.2 工资条

A4.2 – For each pay period, workers are provided with understandable wage
statements that include sufficient information to verify accurately work
performed. A4.2 – 对于每个工资周期，向工人提供易于理解的工资报表，其中包含足够的信息来验证准确执行的工作。

### A4.3 扣款

A4.3 – Deductions or withholdings are calculated correctly and submitted to
the appropriate government agency within the local law time frame. A4.3 –
正确计算扣除额或预扣税额，并在当地法律期限内提交给相应的政府机构。

## A5) NON-DISCRIMINATION / NON-HARASSMENT / HUMANE TREATMENT A5) 非歧视/非骚扰/人道待遇

### A5.1 歧视/骚扰

A5.1 – No evidence of discrimination, harassment, inhumane treatment, or
threat of these exists. A5.1 – 没有证据表明存在歧视、骚扰、不人道待遇或威胁。

### A5.2 纪律处分

A5.2 – Disciplinary actions are recorded and reviewed by management. A5.2 –
纪律处分由管理层记录和审查。

### A5.3 宗教场所

A5.3 – Reasonable accommodation for religious practices is provided. A5.3 –
为宗教活动提供合理的便利。

### A5.4 残疾人

A5.4 – Reasonable accommodation for disability is provided. A5.4 –
为残障人士提供合理的便利。

## A6) FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING A6) 结社自由和集体谈判

### A6.1 工会

A6.1 – Workers can form or enroll in a trade union of their own free will.
A6.1 – 工人可以自愿组建或加入工会。

### A6.2 集体谈判

A6.2 – The legal rights of all workers to bargain collectively, or refrain
from doing so, are respected. A6.2 – 所有工人进行集体谈判或不进行集体谈判的合法权利均受到尊重。

### A6.3 和平集会

A6.3 – Participants respect the legal right of all workers to peacefully
assemble. A6.3 – 参与者尊重所有工人和平集会的合法权利。

