---
author: weizhan
categories:
- RBA 验厂
date: '2025-01-10T21:28:05'
id: 6521
tags:
- doc
title: RBA验厂检查清单-B-“职业健康与安全”
---

本文介绍RBA验厂的“职业健康与安全”这一模块的检查清单，包括证件/风险评估、灭火疏散、工伤急救、职业危害、体力劳动、机器设备安全、食宿卫生等条款。

## B1) OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY B1) 职业健康与安全

### B1.1 职业安全相关的证件和报告

All required permits, licenses, and test reports for Occupational Health and
Safety are in place and communicated timely to the government (if required).
B1.1 - 职业健康和安全所需的所有许可证、执照和测试报告均已到位，并及时传达给政府（如果需要）。

### B1.2 风险识别、评估与控制

Occupational health & safety hazards are identified, assessed, and mitigated
using the Hierarchy of Controls, which includes eliminating, substituting, and
controlling through proper design, process and administrative controls, and
appropriate Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) which is consistently and
correctly used. B1.2 - 使用控制层次来识别、评估和减轻职业健康和安全危害，其中包括通过适当的设计、流程和管理控制以及适当的个人防护设备
(PPE) 来消除、替代和控制一致且正确地使用。

### B1.3 女工三期保护

> 女工“三期”，指的是孕期、产期、哺乳期。

Gender-responsive measures are taken to ensure pregnant women and nursing
mothers are not in working conditions, which could be hazardous to them or
their child, and provide reasonable accommodations for nursing mothers. B1.3 -
采取促进性别平等的措施，确保孕妇和哺乳期母亲不处于可能对她们或其孩子构成危险的工作条件下，并为哺乳期母亲提供合理的住宿。

## B2) EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS B2) 应急准备

### B2.1 灭火

Adequate and effective fire detection, alarm and suppression systems are in
place B2.1 - 配备足够且有效的火灾探测、报警和灭火系统

### B2.2 应急预案

Effective emergency preparedness and response programs (plans/process) are
established B2.2 - 建立有效的应急准备和响应计划（计划/流程）

### B2.3 安全出口、疏散通道

Effective emergency exit access, exits, and exit discharge are adequate in
number and location, readily accessible, and properly maintained B2.3 -
有效的紧急出口通道、出口和出口排放的数量和位置充足、易于进入且维护得当

### B2.4 消防演习

Adequate and effective fire and other identified emergency evacuation drills
are conducted with all workers and people on site B2.4 -
对现场所有工人和人员进行充分且有效的火灾和其他确定的紧急疏散演习

## B3) OCCUPATIONAL INJURY AND ILLNESS B3) 职业伤害和疾病

### B3.1 -工伤事故

Work-related accidents, near-misses, and illnesses are reported, tracked,
accurate, investigated, and analyzed, and workers are not in situations that
can cause them imminent harm. B3.1 -
报告、跟踪、准确、调查和分析与工作相关的事故、未遂事故和疾病，并且工人不处于可能对其造成迫在眉睫伤害的情况。

### B3.2 急救

Adequate first response equipment and first aid kits to provide medical
treatment for injured or ill workers are available B3.2 -
提供足够的急救设备和急救箱，为受伤或生病的工人提供医疗服务

## B4) INDUSTRIAL HYGIENE B4) 工业卫生

### B4.1 - 职业危害因素

Workers' exposures to chemical, biological, and physical hazards are
identified, evaluated, and adequately controlled in accordance with the
hierarchy of controls, which is maintained through ongoing, systematic
monitoring of worker's health. B4.1 -
根据控制层次来识别、评估和充分控制工人接触化学、生物和物理危害的情况，并通过对工人健康进行持续、系统的监测来维持。

## B5) PHYSICALLY DEMANDING WORK B5) 体力要求较高的工作

### B5.1 体力劳动

Worker exposure to the hazards of physically demanding work is controlled
effectively B5.1 - 工人接触体力劳动的危险得到有效控制

## B6) MACHINE SAFEGUARDING B6) 机器安全防护

### B6.1 机器防护

An adequate and effective machine-safeguarding program is implemented, and
workers operate machinery safely. B6.1 - 实施充分且有效的机器防护计划，工人安全操作机器。

## B7) FOOD, SANITATION AND HOUSING B7) 食品、卫生和住房

### B7.1 宿舍

Worker housing is clean, safe and well-maintained and meet international
housing standards B7.1 - 工人住房干净、安全、维护良好，符合国际住房标准

### B7.2 餐厅

Bathrooms, employee spaces, cafeterias, food areas are safe, clean, well
maintained, and well managed B7.2 - 浴室、员工空间、自助餐厅、食品区安全、清洁、维护良好且管理良好

